Dear Students:

 

Good Afternoon!

 

Please see the attachment. Two pdf files.

One is General Introduction discussed in the

class and the other is Case Study I on Non-linear

Diffusion for Images discussed in the class.

 

zip file is the matlab code file. there will be

some minor changes in the notation used in the

class (like sigma, lamda) but when you go through

it you will understand.

 

As I have mentioned during my lectures,

this diffusion model comes under 2d diffusion

in general and in turn becomes evolutionary

model. Here are the steps involved in any

evolutionary models (involving space and time):

1. Problem Definition, Geometry and Identifying Dependent and Independent variables.

2. Restrictive assumptions made.

3. Physical law describing the process.

4. Balance: first write in words then in symbols.

5. check the terms for units. all the terms must speak

    same units. otherwise check your model.

6. non-dimensionalization. then only it is treated as

    a perfect mathematical problem.

7. setting appropriate initial and boundary conditions.

8. mathematical problems well posed? (normally we do

    this in case we end up while going through the solution

    process).

9. Solving the mathematical problem (exact approaches or

      numerical approaches).

10. Verification (whether the solution mathematically correct)

      and Validation (matching with the available experimental results).

 

Whether we systematically follow the above steps or not, indirectly

we take care of those steps (when our mathematical model becomes

right).

 

Your Job:

1. Understand the ld, pm, pmc and eed models.

2. Understand the program (if you have your code then fantastic).

3. Bring the code only to work for Linear Diffusion and

    analyse the relation sigma and T (refer the ppt).

4. Considering this pmc, how do you automize the contrast parameter Lamda? any idea!

    (meaning, lamda to be taken internally not from the user)

5. any lamda, sigma, T relation? (even modelling this relation for a particular image

    and with particular noise would be good).

6. incorporate eed part into this code.

7. does eed change the lamda, sigma, T relation from the pmc?

(1 and 2 carries 70% weightage, remaining 30% for 3 to 7 depending on how depth

you go).

 

Keep a separate ppt for this case study from your side.

Any clarification please write to me!

 

all the best!

Sundar

Course Teacher

MA5710 Math.Modlg.in Industry.
